.TH NLDIFF 1 "nldiff" "05 December 2007" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.SH NAME
nldiff \- Applies a Nodediff file to a given Nodelist
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nldiff
[-d] [-n] /path/to/nodelist /path/to/nodediff
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B nldiff
applies a Nodediff file to a given Nodelist.  It has no
intelligence as to determining which of multiple Nodediff files is the
correct one (you have to use other tools for this), but it expects the
Nodelist filename and the Nodediff filename as explicit arguments with the
correct day file name extension.
.br
You normally do not need to call nldiff manually, nldiff is designed to be
called automatically by nlupdate.
.sp 1
.B nldiff
is part of the Husky Project (nlupdate module) but
.B nldiff
don't uses common husky config file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
.B -d
Delete the Nodediff file after the process succeeds. This option may be omitted.
.TP 10
.B -n
Delete the old Nodelist file after the process succeeds. This option may be omitted.
.TP 10
.BI /path/to/nodelist
The Nodelist to patch. This parameter is mandatory.
.TP 10
.BI /path/to/nodediff
The Nodediff to be used. This parameter is mandatory.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP 5
.B 0
new nodelist is generated
.TP 5
.B 8
nldiff can't make new nodelist.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.RS 2
.RB "nldiff NODELIST.260 NODEDIFF.267"
.RE
.PP
Builds NODELIST.267 from NODELIST.260 and NODEDIFF.267
.PP
.RS 2
.RB "nldiff -d -n NODELIST.260 NODEDIFF.267"
.RE
.PP
Same as above, but will delete old Nodelist (NODELIST.260) and the used
Nodediff (NODEDIFF.267) after process succeeds. New Nodelist (NODELIST.267)
is stayed in nodelists directory.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
nlupdate(1), ulc(1), nlcrc(1), info fidoconfig
.SH BUGS
.B nldiff
reports about any problem into standard error stream but not into log file.
This fact is makes some troubles for using nldiff from nlupdate in scripts or
via cron sheduler.
.SH CONFORMING TO
.B nlcrc
is conformed with FTS-5000.001 and (obsoleted) FTS-0005.
.SH NOTES
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at 
http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written initially by Joerg Jaspert (JJ) <joerg@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net>,
and modified by other husky developers.
