.TH NLUPDATE 1 "nlupdate" "05 December 2007" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.SH NAME
nlupdate \- Manages your Nodelists and keeps them up to date.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nlupdate
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B nlupdate
manages your nodelists and keeps them up to date. For each
nodelist that you have configured with a "Nodelist" statement,
it will search the latest nodelist in the "NodelistDir", then
caluclate the day number of the difference file that is needed to 
update this nodelist, then searches the difference file, unpacks
it if necessary, and applies it to the nodelist using
.B nldiff
utility.
.B nlupdate
can also find full
replacement files if you configure this, and just unpack them and copy
them over the old nodelist. This is usefule for othernets that do not have
nodediff files.  - With only a few keywords, nlupdate manages the whole
process of updating your nodelist files for you.
.sp 1
.B nlupdate
is part of the Husky Project (nlupdate module) and it shares config file
(named fidoconfig) with other Husky programs. All configuration statements is
described in the Fidoconfig Manual.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP 5
.B 0
new nodelists is generated
.TP 5
.B 8
nlupdate don't make new nodelist on several reason
.SH USAGE
.B nlupdate
uses following fidoconfig statements:
.RS
 LogFileDir
 NodelistDir
 Unpack
 NodeList
 DiffUpdate
 FullUpdate
 Defaultzone
 Nodelistformat
.RE
See The Fidoconfig Manual for detailed description of these statements.
.SS SAMPLE CONFIG
The following lines show a nlupdate-related part of sample configuration file.
If you are only interested in the nodelist tools, you can just copy those
commands into a text file, modify them according to your needs (OS/2, Win and
DOS users may of course use backslashes instead of forward slashes, and drive
letters), and point the FIDOCONFIG variable to this file. Don't forget to run
.B tparser
utility after any change of fidoconfig file (see The Fidoconfig Manual).
.sp 1
.RS
   NodelistDir /var/spool/fido/nodelist
.sp 1
   Nodelist nodelist
.br
   DiffUpdate /var/spool/fido/filebase/nodediff/nodediff
.br
   NodelistFormat Standard
.sp 1
   Nodelist pointlst
.br
   DiffUpdate /var/spool/fido/filebase/24000/pr24diff
.br
   DefaultZone 2
.br
   NodelistFormat Points4D
.RE
.SH FILES
.HP
.I /etc/fido/config
 default Fidoconfig.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.HP
.B FIDOCONFIG
 pathname of the config file
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ulc(1), nldiff(1), nlcrc(1), info fidoconfig
.SH BUGS
1st line with nodelist date and CRC is required for full-updated nodelists.
This restriction is discourages to use nlupdate for (local) network segments
of the nodelist.
.SH CONFORMING TO
.B nlupdate
is conformed with FTS-5000.001, (obsoleted) FTS-0005 and FTS-5002.001
.SH NOTES
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at
http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written initially by Joerg Jaspert (JJ) <joerg@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net>,
and modified by other husky developers.
