.TH ULC 1 "ulc" "28 February 2010" "Husky - Portable Fidonet Software"
.SH NAME
ulc \- Husky Fido Userlist Compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ulc [-hvq] [-c configfile]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B ulc
is the Husky Fido Userlist Compiler.
.B ulc
reads all nodelists that are configured in Fidoconfig (see the "nodelist"
keyword in Fidoconfig Manual) and creates the
.IB FIDOUSER.LST
file (the name has to be configured with the "fidouserlist"
keyword). ulc does not take any command line options; it uses fidoconfig
to determine where to find the nodelist files. A log file named
"nltools.log" is placed in the fidoconfig log file directory.
.P
The
.IB FIDOUSER.LST
file format is defined as follows: The file consists of
text records of fixed length (65 characters including the terminal \\r\\n
sequence). The name of the sysop is left-aligned in the line in reverse
order (e.g. "Tobias_Ernst" would become "Ernst, Tobias"). Aligned to the
right of the record is the node number of the user. The records are sorted
alphabetically, so that a program can use a binary search algorithm to
find the corresponding node number for a given user name very fast. This
format is described in FTS-5002.
.P
The
.IB FIDOUSER.LST
file format is supported by many mail readers, e.g. Timed
and Msged. For Msged, FIDOUSER.LST is currently the best method to
implement a node lookup at all, because Msged's V7 routines are flawed.
.P
.B ulc
is a part of the Husky Project (nlupdate module) and it shares config file
(named fidoconfig) with other Husky programs. All configuration statements are
described in the Fidoconfig Manual.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
.B -c configfile
Specify alternate config file. See also section
.B ENVIRONMENT.
.TP 10
.B -h
Display version and usage information and exit.
.TP 10
.B -v
Display version information and exit.
.TP 10
.B -q
Quiet mode: supress normal screen output, only error messages may be displayed.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
\t FIDOUSER.LST is generated sussessfully.
.br
.B 4
\t Instances of some nodelist is not found.
.br
.B 8
\t Fatal error (can't open file, etc).
.SH USAGE
.B ulc
uses following fidoconfig statements:
.RS
 LogFileDir
 NodelistDir
 FidoUserList
 NodeList
 Nodelistformat
.RE
See The Fidoconfig Manual for detailed description of these statements.
.sp 1
Don't forget to run
.B tparser
utility after any change of fidoconfig file.
.SH FILES
.HP
.I /fido/etc/config
 Default Fidoconfig.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.HP
.B FIDOCONFIG
 pathname of the config file
.SH "SEE ALSO"
nlupdate(1), nldiff(1), nlcrc(1), info fidoconfig
.SH CONFORMING TO
.B nlc
is conformed with FTS-5000.001, (obsoleted) FTS-0005 and partially conformed
with FTS-5002.001 (doesn't supports the "Point" format and recognize extends
of the "Boss" format).
.SH NOTES
All Husky-Software is written by various developers. For detailed information
about the Husky-Team take a look at 
http://husky.sourceforge.net/team.html.
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written initially by Joerg Jaspert (JJ) <joerg@goliathbbs.dnsalias.net>,
and modified by other Husky developers.
